Definition: HTTP status codes are basically just a way for the server to communicate with the browser so both parties know what's going on. 
Tries to give as much information to the browser as possible without doing too much work. 

Status Codes
    100 Categories (Informational)
        Informational (not important)
    200 Categories (Success)
        The request made was a good request and completed successfully and did what was needed to do 
        200: Ok, Successful and nothing in particular to say about it
        201: Created, Used for post requests. Created some resource and was successful
        204: No Content, Something went well and everything worked as expected but has nothing to return. Usually used with delete requests
    300 Categories (Redirection)
        Used to redirect user
        Ex: If someone goes to some website and that webpage URL is redirecting them to another webpage URL, you get a 300 level status code saying that this 
        webpage used to be here, but now it is here.
        304: Not Modified, Basically handles caching. When calling an API, you don’t want to get the results every time due to them not changing often, but 
        you want to query it constantly to see any changes. You send them a 304 code to say the content wasn’t modified. (Used to save bandwidth)
    400 Categories (Client Error)
        An error from the client side. User sent either bad information or aren’t authorized 
        404: Not Found,  when attempting to go to a webpage that doesn’t exist.
        400: Bad Request, Something went wrong or something happened. The information was bad. Used when you don’t know the specific reason for something being bad,
        or the user sent bad information.
        401: Unauthorized, The user is trying to access something that requires some form of authorization that wasn’t passed or incorrectly passed. 
        403: Forbidden, If the client sent authorization but the service they wanted requires different permissions. 
    500 Categories (Server Error)
        An error from the server side. 
        500: Internal Server Error, Something broke on the server. Could be a problem in the code and it throws an error. Usually unexpected errors due to the server. 
